I'm shocked actually I was shocked and
appalled to find John Barnes of all
people and Willie was a good dancer too
but John Barnes is one for me one of the
best male dancers in him yeah bottom two
well here's the big thing this is a
competition and this is why we have a
panel of judges and one of the biggest
judges of all are our general public now
bill if you were upset were you on that
phone ringing for him and trying to get
him through I couldn't possibly comment
on that you couldn't know it seems yeah
this is the thing now the competition
has kicked off so strong so early we're
already weeks through it we're only week
three and we've already got tears and
tantrums on dance floor we've got some
great dancing from the offset and
they've basically said look we want
anyone with the slightest hesitation of
being slightly overweight maybe slightly
mature we want you out and we want to
see a tough competition from beginning
to end well talk about the tears in just
a moment but just on that the definitive
answer did he deserve to go we all love
Willie you know we all love Willie daily
and but I think on the night it was a
tough competition and you can see here
he gave nothing more than his best thing
we've had a lot of emails saying there
should have been two women in the bottom
where mentioned names perhaps you might
yeah yeah yeah I might I think that's
why I'm here in the morning so the
people you've got their opinions about
who should attain in the bottom Tim I
Ian either probably not going to speak
to me all set anymore I was a little bit
disappointed with Kate I had great
expectation I'm however Anton is the
most superb boerum dancer ever so if you
get a chance to dance with him yeah
you're gonna be going all the way the
other one I was disappointed with which
was quite a shock and was actually
Brendan and Kelly daughter were too much
I think the judges got so caught up in
the passion of the tango and that that's
all they did look at because they
absolutely nailed Kenny now Katie went
out there he put on the first class
performance didn't make any errors in
was doing gave it the passion and I
think we can see here lots of emotion
but it wasn't anything that was as
powerful or as energetic as I'd seen
some of the other Brendan apologized and
said they don't penalize Kenny he said
it was his fault than face first cast
professional that's what you need to
hear it is nerve-racking my god you do
that anyways what I never made a mistake
all right there were there was there was
a bit of attention from from Antoine but
also there were tears tears let's have a
look at why ugly lumpy Utley bear very
disappointing I don't think this is your
dance well give it all for a girl as
tall as that great we got you just have
to work a lot harder getting your limbs
are longer so you have to work double
what was it lumpy no not at all now here
I am this is when I'm gonna get a bit
stress now and how long are we going to
talk about the length of the girl's legs
so we now going to say that Dominic's
not can be able to do a fox job because
he's got short legs so we're going to
see this penny can't do a guy cuz she's
got long legs you know she went out last
week did the most amazing quick step
which is as difficult as a guy and it's
just the aesthetics you know now you can
make the dress a little bit shorter than
the judges probably wouldn't notice but
she went for everything there and
typical Craig saw a celebrity stood
there vulnerable as anything straight
for the jugular it's part of the magic
of the show well it is magical so I
think what's beautiful i think we're
going to look at penny and say why is
she on this show she's married to Rod
Stewart why is she out here there's lots
of other people but I think they're
seeing early days she is a lovely
vulnerable person who wants to come on
this show and have a great time and
fulfill offense am I going to hear the
word journey no it's not
let's hope that they allow us to do that
look Craig listen Alex look yeah aging
thank you very much